---
title: test
date: 2020-03-02T05:53:35.147Z
cover: assets/jamesstewartjr.jpg
slug: trest
category: tech
tags:
  - tech
  - james
  - test
---
Floppy Diskette
Tania Rascia
About me
Articles
Contact
Dark Mode
About me
I’m Tania Rascia, a full stack software developer, technical writer, and former chef. I currently spend most of my time programming in JavaScript/TypeScript and writing about it.

I started this website as a place to document everything I learned while going through a career change. I learn in public and write about everything I know. I aim to create a beautiful corner of the web free of ads, sponsored posts, newsletter pop-ups, affiliate links, and the rest of the annoying noise we're so accustomed to seeing on the internet these days.

Links
A non-exhaustive list.

Vanya Sergeev – a brilliant programmer who is very important to me
Teodor Nikolaev
Craig Lam
Ben Schroeder
Dave Bock
Joe Carlyon
Carlos Santiago
Open Source Projects
TakeNote – A web-based note-taking app with GitHub sync and Markdown support
New Moon – the optimized dark theme for web development. Your new favorite theme
Chip8.js – a Chip-8 emulator written in JavaScript for terminal and the browser
MVC.js – a simple Todo MVC application in plain JavaScript
Laconia – a modern PHP MVC framework written without libraries or frameworks
Primitive – a minimalist front-end design toolkit built with Sass
Snek.js – a terminal-based Snake implementation written in JavaScript (Node.js)
Webpack Boilerplate – a sensible Webpack 4 boilerplate with with Babel, Sass, ESLint, HMR, and prod/dev optimization
tania.dev – personal theme for Gatsby (the source of this website)
Publications
Articles I've written for developer publications.

DigitalOcean
LogRocket
Codrops
Progress
Envato Tuts+
SitePoint
Gatsby
Music
Sometimes I sing and play accordion/piano. I like to record music in my spare time. Here are some.

I’d Like to Walk Around In Your Mind
Such Great Heights (duet)
Night Nurse (duet)
El Pasadiscos
Mad World
You And I
Just Like Heaven
The Winner Takes It All
Wicked Game
Truce
Something Wild
Bridge Over Troubled Water
Rainy Monday
Saloon
3D Printer
Floppy Disk
Soap Holder
Portfolio
A few sites I designed.

Cafe Ba-Ba-Reeba! - 2017
Shaw's Crab House - 2017
Tokio Asian Fusion - 2017
Stripburger - 2017
Beatrix Market - 2017
Krispy Kreme PNW - 2016
Il Porcellino - 2016
Currently Using
Computer: MacBook Pro
Hosting: Netlify (blog)
Editor: Visual Studio Code
Static site generator: Gatsby
Syntax highlighting: PrismJS
Code theme: New Moon
Email newsletter: Substack
Notes: SimpleNote, TakeNote
Year in Review
2016 into 2017
2017 into 2018
2018 into 2019
2019 into 2020
Miscellaneous
Won 3rd place for Personal Developer Blog of the Year 2019
Ko-Fi
Patreon
Newsletter
RSS
GitHub
GitHub
GitHub
Navigated to About me
